README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# simtools

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

simtools provide facilities to simulate virtual ecosystems, from the
underlying environment to species and sientific surveys. Species can
simulated with a spatial point process using a resource layer as
reference, or by simulating individual movements. The above articles
detail each step:

- Simulate a virtual environment
- Simulate a species with spatial point process
- Simulate a species from individual movement
- Simulate an observation survey

## Installation

You can install the development version of simtools folowing:

``` r
# FILL THIS IN! HOW CAN PEOPLE INSTALL YOUR DEV PACKAGE?
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the simtools project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

Resolve the issue with example_data and various issues in codes which caused errors in building vignettes
example_data caused an error when checking the package because of the SpatRaster included in it (be

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# simtools

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

simtools provide facilities to simulate virtual ecosystems, from the
underlying environment to species distribution and scientific surveys.
Species can be simulated with a spatial point process using a resource
layer as reference, or by simulating individual movements (central place
or free ranging foraging). You can navigate the articles above detailing
each step:

- Simulate a virtual environment
- Simulate a species with spatial point process
- Simulate a species from individual movement
- Simulate an observation survey

The package also includes various functions (`%!in%` and `normalize()`)

## Installation

You can install the development version of simtools following:

``` r
# remotes::install_github("CLambert1/simtools")
```

## Access help and documentation

A dedicated website is available at , or by tipping `launch_help()` in
the console, which will launch the html documentation in your web
browser.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the simtools project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
